Wikimedia Foundation Software Engineer Programming Task

Your task is to provide a frequency list of the words in this
document, along with the code you've written to generate the list. Do
not use anything beyond the standard libraries in your language of
choice. You should be able to articulate your definition of a "word"
and why it is appropriate to the task. You can use whatever
programming language you like, as long as it isn’t overly obscure… and
it isn't COBOL. :)

Please do not leave any comments here on GitHub. Submit your code and
your results as instructed by the recruiter. If you have technical
difficulties with your submission, contact your recruiter.

The purpose of the frequency list is to gain some insight into what
words are most common in English, even though this document isn't
really a sufficiently large sample to do so. Your program could be run
on a larger text, so it should be sufficiently efficient that it could
run on a one- to two-million-word corpus without too much trouble. You
might also find it amusing to run the program on a plain text version
of your resumé to see what bubbles to the top.

In order to give you more text to work on, this paragraph is about
some WikiThings. “Wiki” is a Hawaiʻian word that means “quick”; a wiki
is a type of website with editable content. Wikipedia is the global,
free, multilingual internet encyclopedia. MediaWiki is a particular
wiki engine developed for and used by Wikipedia and the other
Wikimedia projects; it is free/libre open-source software. Wikimedia
is the collective name for the Wikimedia movement, revolving around a
group of inter-related wiki projects, including Wikipedia, Wiktionary,
and others. The Wikimedia Foundation (WMF) is a non-profit
organization—headquartered in San Francisco, U.S.A.—that runs the
Wikimedia projects.